README.md, before:

# Stoic Quotes

[![CC0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey.svg)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)

The whole app runs with [Rust](https://rust-lang.org) using
[htmx](https://htmx.org)[^yavascript] and plain HTML for "reactivity"[^note].

- [axum](https://tokio.rs/)
- [askama](https://djc.github.io/askama/)
- [htmx](https://htmx.org)
- [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [daisyui](https://daisyui.com)
- [Satoshi Font](https://www.fontshare.com/fonts/satoshi)

<div align="center">
    <img src="screenshot.png" alt="Description" width="300"/>
</div>

## Performance

This motherfucker is fast AF!

It only consumes 2.2mb of memory and the cheapest CPU VPS available will handle it.
The JSON data is loaded into memory (so that takes ≈0.2mb).
Leaving the whole app to consume 2mb of memory.

:heart: Rust!

## Terminal-ready

Yes, if you despise the bloated browsers and you prefer the warm embrace
of the terminal you can get your stoic quotes without leaving the terminal:

```bash
$ wget -qO- stoicquotes.io
"It is better to be despised for simplicity than to suffer agonies from everlasting pretense."
 - Seneca

$ curl stoicquotes.io
"It is better to be despised for simplicity than to suffer agonies from everlasting pretense."
 - Seneca
```

## License

This content is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Public Domain CC0 1.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

The source code is licensed under a
[MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/).

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
[![MIT](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/License_icon-mit-88x31-2.svg)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)

[^yavascript]: Look Mum! No YAVASCRIPT!
[^note]: [Hypermedia-Driven Applications](https://htmx.org/essays/hypermedia-driven-applications/)

Commit message:

feat: docker (#14)
* feat: dockerfile

* ci: dockerfile test

* fix: dockerfile no Cargo.lock

* feat(dockerfile): labels

* fix(docker): binary name

* fix(docker): higher sleep time

* ci(docker): debug

* fix(dockefile): let's do musl

* ci(docker): publish to ghcr

* fix(readme): add docker instructions

README.md, after:

# Stoic Quotes

[![CC0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey.svg)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)

The whole app runs with [Rust](https://rust-lang.org) using
[htmx](https://htmx.org)[^yavascript] and plain HTML for "reactivity"[^note].

- [axum](https://tokio.rs/)
- [askama](https://djc.github.io/askama/)
- [htmx](https://htmx.org)
- [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [daisyui](https://daisyui.com)
- [Satoshi Font](https://www.fontshare.com/fonts/satoshi)

<div align="center">
    <img src="screenshot.png" alt="Description" width="300"/>
</div>

## Performance

This motherfucker is fast AF!

It only consumes 2.2mb of memory and the cheapest CPU VPS available will handle it.
The JSON data is loaded into memory (so that takes ≈0.2mb).
Leaving the whole app to consume 2mb of memory.

:heart: Rust!

## Terminal-ready

Yes, if you despise the bloated browsers and you prefer the warm embrace
of the terminal you can get your stoic quotes without leaving the terminal:

```bash
$ wget -qO- stoicquotes.io
"It is better to be despised for simplicity than to suffer agonies from everlasting pretense."
 - Seneca

$ curl stoicquotes.io
"It is better to be despised for simplicity than to suffer agonies from everlasting pretense."
 - Seneca
```

## Docker

You can also deploy it using Docker from the GitHub Container Registry:

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/storopoli/stoic_quotes:latest

docker run -d --name stoic_quotes -p 443:3000 stoic_quotes
```

By default it exposes port 3000 on the `axum` server.
You can safely map to HTTP (port 80) or HTTPS (port 443).

## License

This content is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Public Domain CC0 1.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

The source code is licensed under a
[MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/).

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
[![MIT](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/License_icon-mit-88x31-2.svg)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)

[^yavascript]: Look Mum! No YAVASCRIPT!
[^note]: [Hypermedia-Driven Applications](https://htmx.org/essays/hypermedia-driven-applications/)
